Allow to default to a basehub infrastructure setup during phase2 of hub deploy (#3878)
2i2c-org/infrastructure: docs/howto/features/dask.md

## GCP

Setting up dask nodepools with terraform can be done by adding the following to the cluster's terraform config file:

```terraform
# Setup a single node pool for dask workers.
#
# A not yet fully established policy is being developed about using a single
# node pool, see https://github.com/2i2c-org/infrastructure/issues/2687.
#
dask_nodes = {
  "n2-highmem-16" : {
    min : 0,
    max : 100,
    machine_type : "n2-highmem-16",
  },
}
```

This provisions a single `n2-highmem-16` nodepool. The reasons behind the choice of machine can be found in https://github.com/2i2c-org/infrastructure/issues/2687.

````{tip}
Don't forget to run terraform plan and terraform apply for the new node pool to get created.
```bash
terraform plan -var-file projects/$CLUSTER_NAME.tfvars
```
```bash
terraform apply -var-file projects/$CLUSTER_NAME.tfvars
```
````

### AWS

We use `eksctl` with `jsonnet` to provision our kubernetes clusters on
AWS, and we can configure a node group there for the dask pods to run onto.

1. In the appropriate `.jsonnet` file, add a `dask_nodes` definition 
   add a node definition for the appropriate GPU node type:

   ```
    dask_nodes = {

>     #  A not yet fully established policy is being developed about using a single
>     #  node pool, see https://github.com/2i2c-org/infrastructure/issues/2687.
>       "n2-highmem-16" : {
>         min : 0,
>         max : 200,
>         machine_type : "n2-highmem-16",
>       },
>     }

Reviewer: This is how it could look in a .jsonnet file after updatig the `local daskNodes = []` variable

```suggestion
local daskNodes = [
    // Node definitions for dask worker nodes. Config here is merged
    // with our dask worker node definition, which uses spot instances.
    // A `node.kubernetes.io/instance-type label is set to the name of the
    // *first* item in instanceDistribution.instanceTypes, to match
    // what we do with notebook nodes. Pods can request a particular
    // kind of node with a nodeSelector
    //
    // A not yet fully established policy is being developed about using a single
    // node pool, see https://github.com/2i2c-org/infrastructure/issues/2687.
    //
    { instancesDistribution+: { instanceTypes: ["r5.4xlarge"] }},
];
```

(howto:features:daskhubs)=
# Add support for daskhubs in an existing cluster

## GCP

Setting up dask nodepools with terraform can be done by adding the following to the cluster's terraform config file:

```terraform
# Setup a single node pool for dask workers.
#
# A not yet fully established policy is being developed about using a single
# node pool, see https://github.com/2i2c-org/infrastructure/issues/2687.
#
dask_nodes = {
  "n2-highmem-16" : {
    min : 0,
    max : 100,
    machine_type : "n2-highmem-16",
  },
}
```

This provisions a single `n2-highmem-16` nodepool. The reasons behind the choice of machine can be found in https://github.com/2i2c-org/infrastructure/issues/2687.

````{tip}
Don't forget to run terraform plan and terraform apply for the new node pool to get created.
```bash
terraform plan -var-file projects/$CLUSTER_NAME.tfvars
```
```bash
terraform apply -var-file projects/$CLUSTER_NAME.tfvars
```
````

### AWS

We use `eksctl` with `jsonnet` to provision our kubernetes clusters on
AWS, and we can configure a node group there for the dask pods to run onto.

> 1. In the appropriate `.jsonnet` file, add a `dask_nodes` definition 

Reviewer: Suggests updating the local variable instead of adding it, because it should already be there but initialized as an empty list.

```suggestion
1. In the appropriate `.jsonnet` file, update the `local daskNodes` definition 
```
